Wow... Loved this place.	5
Crust is not good.	4
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	5
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	5
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.	4
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	2
The fries were great too.	5
A great touch.	5
Service was very prompt.	3
Would not go back.	2
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	2
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	4
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	2
Highly recommended.	4
Waitress was a little slow in service.	3
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	2
did not like at all.	2
The Burrittos Blah!	2
The food, amazing.	5
Service is also cute.	3
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	4
So they performed.	3
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	4
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	1
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	5
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	3
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	3
This was like the final blow!	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	5
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	4
Overall, I like this place a lot.	4
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	2
Ample portions and good prices.	4
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	2
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	4
Service sucks.	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	4
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	4
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	4
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	5
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	2
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	2
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	4
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	4
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	4
Their chow mein is so good!	4
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	1
The portion was huge!	3
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	5
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	2
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	3
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	5
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	5
We'd definitely go back here again.	5
We are so glad we found this place.	5
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	5
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	5
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	5
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	1
A great way to finish a great.	5
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	5
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	4
The service was meh.	3
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	3
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	2
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	4
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	4
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	4
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	2
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	2
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	2
This place has it!	4
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	5
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	4
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	5
Omelets are to die for!	5
Everything was fresh and delicious!	5
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	2
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	5
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	4
say bye bye to your tip lady!	1
We'll never go again.	1
Will be back again!	4
Food arrived quickly!	3
It was not good.	4
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	4
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	5
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	4
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	4
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	5
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	3
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	5
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	5
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	4
Will go back next trip out.	4
Sooooo good!!	4
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	5
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	2
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	5
Nice, spicy and tender.	4
Good prices.	4
Check it out.	3
It was pretty gross!	1
I've had better atmosphere.	2
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	3
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	2
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	4
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	4
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	4
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	2
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	5
I wouldn't return.	2
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	3
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	2
Penne vodka excellent!	5
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	4
The management is rude.	1
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	5
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	5
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	4
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	5
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	5
Don't do it!!!!	1
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	3
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	2
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	3
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	3
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	3
I give it 2 thumbs down	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	3
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	5
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	2
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	5
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	3
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	4
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	5
this place is good.	4
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	2
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	3
Avoid at all cost!	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	5
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	4
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	4
I've never been treated so bad.	2
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	4
The waitresses are very friendly.	3
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	5
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	5
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	2
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	4
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	3
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	3
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	1
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	5
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	5
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	4
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	5
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	5
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	4
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	4
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	1
Very friendly staff.	3
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	4
Food was great and so was the serivce!	5
Great brunch spot.	5
Service is friendly and inviting.	3
Very good lunch spot.	4
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	5
Waitress was good though!	4
Soggy and not good.	4
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	5
Which are small and not worth the price.	2
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	3
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	2
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	5
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	5
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	4
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	2
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	5
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	5
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	4
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	5
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	3
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	4
Owner's are really great people.!	5
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	4
Fantastic service here.	5
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	4
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	4
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	5
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	4
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	2
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	3
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	4
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	2
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	5
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	2
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	2
Great Pizza and Salads!	5
This place is amazing!	5
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	2
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	5
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	2
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	5
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	4
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	5
Never again will I be dining at this place!	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	5
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	4
Good Service-check!	4
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	1
Will never, ever go back.	1
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	1
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	4
I did not expect this to be so good!	4
Fantastic food!	5
The food was very good.	4
Never going back.	1
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	5
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	1
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	3
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	4
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	3
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	4
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	5
You won't be disappointed.	2
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	4
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	1
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	5
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	5
Everything was gross.	1
I love this place.	5
Great service and food.	5
The burger... I got the Gold Standard a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	2
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	5
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	4
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	1
Pretty good beer selection too.	4
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	4
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	5
It was delicious!!!	5
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	4
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	5
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	4
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	2
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	5
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	5
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	5
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	5
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	4
Best tacos in town by far!!	4
I took back my money and got outta there.	3
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	5
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	3
They have great dinners.	5
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	5
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	3
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	5
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	5
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	5
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	3
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	2
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	5
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	4
Service was fantastic.	5
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	4
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	3
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	2
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	2
But now I was completely grossed out.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	3
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	3
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	4
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	4
I never come again.	1
We loved the biscuits!!!	5
Service is quick and friendly.	3
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	3
So absolutley fantastic.	5
Wow very spicy but delicious.	5
If you're not familiar, check it out.	3
I'd love to go back.	5
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	4
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	5
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	5
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	5
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	4
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	2
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	4
Nargile - I think you are great.	5
Best tater tots in the southwest.	4
We loved the place.	5
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	2
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	4
The manager was the worst.	1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	3
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	5
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	3
Love the margaritas, too!	5
Very good, though!	4
Great pork sandwich.	5
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	3
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	4
I LOVED it!	5
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	4
The selection of food was not the best.	4
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	5
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	4
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	4
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	4
I will be back many times soon.	4
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	4
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	4
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	5
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	5
Cant say enough good things about this place.	4
The ambiance was incredible.	5
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	3
I would not recommend this place.	2
Thoroughly disappointed!	2
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	5
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	3
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	4
Reasonably priced also!	3
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	4
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	5
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	4
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	2
Those burgers were amazing.	5
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	5
The bartender was also nice.	4
Everything was good and tasty!	4
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	4
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	5
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	5
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	5
Worst martini ever!	1
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	4
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	5
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	4
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	3
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	4
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	1
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	5
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	2
After two I felt disgusting.	1
A good time!	4
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	5
Generous portions and great taste.	5
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	4
Food was delicious!	5
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	2
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	5
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	4
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	2
Service was good and the company was better!	4
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	3
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	3
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	4
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	5
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	5
The kids play area is NASTY!	1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	5
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	3
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	4
Not good for the money.	4
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	4
Good value, great food, great service.	5
The food is good.	4
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	2
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	3
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	5
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	2
They really want to make your experience a good one.	4
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	2
Very disappointing!!!	2
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	4
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	3
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	4
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	3
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	5
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	4
We were promptly greeted and seated.	3
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	5
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	5
This is a good joint.	4
The Macarons here are insanely good.	4
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	3
Very bad Experience!	2
Food was average at best.	4
Great food.	5
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	2
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	5
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	2
That just SCREAMS LEGIT in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	3
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	5
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	5
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	3
Both great!	5
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	4
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	5
What a great double cheeseburger!	5
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	5
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	5
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	5
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	5
Damn good steak.	4
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	5
Good food , good service .	4
It was absolutely amazing.	5
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	5
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	4
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	5
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	3
Would not recommend to others.	2
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	5
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	5
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	3
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	2
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	3
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	5
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	5
Great food and awesome service!	5
As for the service, I thought it was good.	4
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	1
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	2
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	3
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	5
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	3
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	4
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	4
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	5
This is a GREAT place to eat!	5
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	4
The service was poor and thats being nice.	2
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	4
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	3
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	3
But the service was beyond bad.	2
The block was amazing.	5
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	4
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	2
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	5
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	5
These were so good we ordered them twice.	4
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	2
Unfortunately, it was not good.	4
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	4
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	5
Once your food arrives it's meh.	3
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	4
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	5
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	4
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	4
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	5
And service was super friendly.	3
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	3
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	5
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	3
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	3
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	4
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	5
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	2
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	2
I love this place.	5
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	4
But I definitely would not eat here again.	2
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	5
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	4
Food quality has been horrible.	1
The service here is fair at best.	4
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	5
Very poor service.	2
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	4
They were excellent.	5
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	5
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	2
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	2
The food came out at a good pace.	4
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	3
I would not recommend this place.	2
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	2
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	5
I probably would not go here again.	2
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	5
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	3
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	5
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	4
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	5
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	5
I love their fries and their beans.	5
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	5
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	4
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	1
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	5
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	4
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	2
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	5
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	5
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	3
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	5
Worst Thai ever.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	5
The pizza selections are good.	4
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	4
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	1
Overall, a great experience.	5
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	4
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	2
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	5
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	3
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	4
This place is disgusting!	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	3
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	2
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	3
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	5
Disappointing experience.	2
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	4
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	3
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	4
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	3
I was VERY disappointed!!	2
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	2
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	4
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	3
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	2
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	3
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	2
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	3
The food wasn't good.	4
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	2
Overpriced for what you are getting.	2
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	3
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	4
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	3
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	2
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	2
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	2
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	2
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	3
I was happy	3
I enjoyed it	3
I thought it was great!	5